TODO.md, before:

# FIX

# FEATURES
- Check TWD
- Events decks archive analyzing
- Custom values for cardtypes in TWD/PDA
- Playable by buttons to lib/crypt

# MAYBE LATER FEATURES
- Offline decks storage
- Notification on Incognito mode
- Prioritize exact matches in add card (more than twda)
- Inventory/deck import in excel

# IMPROVE TECHNOLOGY - FRONTEND
- Move preconDecks to fetch+localStorage
- Update url for playtest images to mitigate caching
- Move Clone/Delete/Branches fetches to services and create relevant deck store functions
- Debouncing for text search query - useTimeout+useDebouncing hook https://youtu.be/0c6znExIqRw?t=118
- Refactor fetch to useAsync+useFetch hook https://youtu.be/vrIxu-kfAUo&t=546
- Refactor InventoryCrypt and InventoryLibrary
- Refactor deck buttons (split in button ui and function)
- Explicit image width/height
- ResultDisciplineImage class to width/size

# TAILWIND MIGRATION
- Update card-update scripts
- Refactor or restore setShowFloatingButtons functionality
- Test if disableOverlay is required (possible to change?)
- Replace -[#HEX] with config colors, merge same config colors, name config colors
- Library sticky hide above header

Commit message:

add debouncing to crypt/library search

TODO.md, after:

# FIX

# FEATURES
- Check TWD
- Events decks archive analyzing
- Custom values for cardtypes in TWD/PDA
- Playable by buttons to lib/crypt
- Add deck as revision

# MAYBE LATER FEATURES
- Offline decks storage
- Notification on Incognito mode
- Prioritize exact matches in add card (more than twda)
- Inventory/deck import in excel

# IMPROVE TECHNOLOGY - FRONTEND
- Configure vite-pwa
- Move preconDecks to fetch+localStorage
- Update url for playtest images to mitigate caching
- Move Clone/Delete/Branches fetches to services and create relevant deck store functions
- Refactor fetch to useAsync+useFetch hook https://youtu.be/vrIxu-kfAUo&t=546
- Refactor InventoryCrypt and InventoryLibrary
- Refactor deck buttons (split in button ui and function)
- Explicit image width/height
- ResultDisciplineImage class to width/size

# TAILWIND MIGRATION
- Refactor or restore setShowFloatingButtons functionality
- Test if disableOverlay is required (possible to change?)
- Replace -[#HEX] with config colors, merge same config colors, name config colors
- Library sticky hide above header
- Fix autofocus in multiforms
